API-1395: Create a sf app to display webhook data (#446)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/step-2.md

# _Step 2_ | Create your own Symfony app to display event subscriptions data 

> [//]: <> (Hey Akeneo colleagues, here is a repo with the working code if you need to test https://github.com/akeneo/events-api-app.)

Author: It is a hack. It will not be displayed on the page either by the inspector.

Reviewer: Since the source code of the doc is accessible to everyone it's not really hidden, but I don't know if it matters

## Prerequisites

> First of all, you'll need a new Symfony microservice app. To do so, you can follow [the Symfony guide](https://symfony.com/doc/current/setup.html) and run the `$ symfony new display_webhook` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First of all, you'll need a new Symfony app. To do so, you can follow [the Symfony guide](https://symfony.com/doc/current/setup.html) and run the `$ symfony new display_webhook` command.
```
"microservice" is a specific type of architecture, it feels weird to use this term here for a simple web app

## Step by step

> 1. Add the route in the `config/routes.yaml` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Add the route to the `config/routes.yaml` file:
```

```php
<?php
declare(strict_types=1);

namespace App\Controller;

use Psr\Log\LoggerInterface;
use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request;
use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response;

class WebhookController
{
    // Thanks autowiring!
    public function post(Request $request, LoggerInterface $logger): Response
    {
        // First we extract akeneo's headers.
        $timestamp = $request->headers->get('x-akeneo-request-timestamp');
        $signature = $request->headers->get('x-akeneo-request-signature');

        // If they are null run away. The request does not come from us!
        if (null === $timestamp || null === $signature) {

            return new Response('', Response::HTTP_UNAUTHORIZED);
        }

        $body = $request->getContent();

        // You should notice that I use a very bad practice here.
        // Put that token into your .env file.
        $secret = '3kz9y947jps0wggoc84ww80000o0ogs0ssc444w008s8kkcgw';

        // This is the way we construct our signature.
        $expectedSignature = hash_hmac('sha256', $timestamp . '.' . $body, $secret);

        // You must check that the request really comes from us.

>         // To do it, we provide you the `x-akeneo-signature` header that you rebuilt before and check.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        // To do it, you should check the $expectedSignature you computed before against the `x-akeneo-signature` header we provide.
```

        if (false === hash_equals($signature, $expectedSignature)) {

            return new Response('', Response::HTTP_UNAUTHORIZED);
        }

        // Now let's check that the request is fresh.
        if (time() - (int) $timestamp > 300) {
            throw new \Exception('Request is too old (> 5min)');
        }

        // And now, do your stuff!
        $logger->debug($body);

        // You acknowledge you received the event.
        return new Response();
    }
}
```

3. Launch your local webserver with `$ symfony serve --port=8000`. 

![Server running](/img/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/server-running.png)

::: info
For the need of this quick start, I'm using Docker, that's why I map and expose the `8000` port. My Symfony binary is located in `bin`.
:::

> 4. Almost done! Go back to your PIM and configure the connection event subscriptions by replacing the Mockbin URL with your new URL. Then test it and save. Here is mine:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Almost done! Go back to your PIM and configure the connection event subscriptions by replacing the Mockbin URL with your new URL. Then save and test it. Here is mine:
```
Related to your other PR :D

![Server running](/img/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/event-subscription-configuration-sf-project.png)

5. Finally, update a product with the API and here is the result:

![Log result](/img/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/log-result.png)

> ```json

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should post the full response here, we'll probably forget to keep it up to date.

Author: As it's a cookbook, the goal is not to keep the result up to date but just to show an example. I don't think it's a problem.
